refactor(sw-theme-manager): Replace theme config translation with actual snippets (#8027)
shopware/platform: UPGRADE-6.8.md

* `Shopware\Administration\Notification\NotificationCollection`
* `Shopware\Administration\Notification\NotificationDefinition`
* `Shopware\Administration\Notification\NotificationEntity`

## Removed notification controller

`\Shopware\Administration\Controller\NotificationController` has been moved to core: `\Shopware\Core\Framework\Notification\Api\NotificationController` - if you type hint on this class, please refactor, it is now internal. The HTTP route is still the same. The old class has been removed.

</details>

# Storefront

<details>

> 

Reviewer: a changelog is missing - deprecations should also be written there

> ## Removed theme.json translations

Reviewer: You could also write here that this was deprecated with 6.7

* `Shopware\Administration\Notification\NotificationCollection`
* `Shopware\Administration\Notification\NotificationDefinition`
* `Shopware\Administration\Notification\NotificationEntity`

## Removed notification controller

`\Shopware\Administration\Controller\NotificationController` has been moved to core: `\Shopware\Core\Framework\Notification\Api\NotificationController` - if you type hint on this class, please refactor, it is now internal. The HTTP route is still the same. The old class has been removed.

</details>

# Storefront

<details>

## Removed theme.json translations

We removed properties `label` and `helpText` properties of `theme.json`, which were deprecated in 6.7, to use the snippet system of the administration instead.

> A constructed snippet key was introduced in Shopware 6.7 and will be required starting Shopware 6.8. This affects `label` and `helpText` properties in the `theme.json`, which are used in the theme manager. The snippet keys to be used are constructed as follows. The mentioned `themeName` implies the `technicalName` property of the theme in kebab case. Also, please notice that unnamed tabs, blocks or sections will be accessible via `default`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A constructed snippet key was introduced in Shopware 6.7 and will now be required.
This affects `label` and `helpText` properties in the `theme.json`, which are used in the theme manager.
The snippet keys to be used are constructed as follows.
The mentioned `themeName` implies the `technicalName` property of the theme in kebab case.
Also, please notice that unnamed tabs, blocks or sections will be accessible via `default`.
```
